fix(interactions): use cmd opt resolver & add missing option type (#734)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md

* `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` sets the option to be a sub-command-group
* `STRING` sets the option to require a string value
* `INTEGER` sets the option to require an integer value

> * `NUMBER` sets the option to require an integer value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NUMBER` sets the option to require a decimal (also known as a floating point) value
```
